Uh, the risk of
the coronavirus remains low,
according to all of the experts.
The government is in control...
When I was a boy,
I thought happiness
was a destination...
..so I ran far away from home.
Zhi?
He's back.
He'll be in court this morning.
Did he call?
His barrister.
It won't be long now, Zhi.
My client vigorously denies
the money laundering charges
against him.
My client vigorously denies
the money laundering charges
against him.
I made more money
than anyone should...
After four years in exile,
he's surrendered
to clear his name.
..and became
unrecognisable to myself.
Stop it!
Boys, cut it out.
Toyah?
I know it's not my turn,
but can you keep the boys tonight?
I've gotta work a second shift!
Toy, come on...
I haven't got time to talk,
but Carter's got a spelling test,
so make sure he studies.
Yeah, all right, I've got it...
I'll call you later, OK?
All right, looks like you guys
are spending the night here.
Come on, let's go!
But the further I run...
Mister Ruggero has already posted
a £5 million surety.
..the further my destination became.
You may ask about
the, uh, coronavirus,
which is very well under control
in our country.
Trump holds a news conference
concerning the coronavirus pandemic,
stating it's incredible
but it's something
that we have tremendous control of.
He's up to something.
A man gets tired of running.
Why surrender to you?
Why not
turn himself in to the police?
But I wasn't
running towards happiness.
My client is innocent
of the charges before him.
I had only run into a cage
I'd built myself.
Good news?
He has to wear an electronic tag,
but he's been released.
OK, when can I see him?
Not yet.
They could be watching him.
He doesn't want you or Claire
in any danger.
Communicate through me
until we know it's safe.
Hmm... It took you long enough.
Risk at the current time
to the UK is low.
This is a problem that's essentially
focused within China
and we shouldn't see
any cases in the UK.
They have no idea what's coming.
And you do?
What's the play?
It involves you, of course.
Oh, now we're friends again?
We never were.
But we only win this fight
if we do it together.
Hmm.
Trump says "America first..."
..and insults his allies,
while China sends aid...
..increasing its influence
around the world.
The American economy
is in free fall.
And China will come out of this
stronger than ever.
You're not here to help me defeat
the Chinese Government.
I'm here to offer you a deal.
A deal?
To protect America and Europe.
I understand
you want your life back,
but you're in no position to deal.
My position is stronger than yours.
Data thrives in a pandemic.
I'm doing better than ever.
Hmm... You should be.
But your chief investor
is intent on using your data
to spread
disinformation and chaos.
How do you know that?
While you were in Milan with me,
Nadya slipped into your office.
Copied the files
you keep on Rebecca Farmer.
My, you have been busy...
I wondered what became of Nadya.
Rebecca Farmer was a necessary evil.
Now she's just evil...
If I could've got rid of her,
I would've a long time ago.
Now you can, with my help.
What's in it for you?
Justice.
For you?
For everyone.
All right, then...
How?
The coronavirus continues to
impact the global economy,
with oil prices taking a dive today
after Russia
refused to cut oil production.
Can you do it?
Zhi and Eleanor can.
I know you're considering how
the Saudi Government should respond
in light of Russian intransigence.
Oil prices
will only continue to go down
unless we take action.
And the Russians
don't intend to follow your lead.
It's a problem.
Demand will continue to weaken
as the pandemic worsens.
You have to confront them head-on.
We have no leverage.
Actually, you have quite a bit,
and a greater share of the market.
You can afford to
teach them a lesson.
And believe me, Your Highness,
it's a lesson
you'd only have to teach once.
Rather than cutting supply,
the Saudis stunned the world
by glutting the oil market.
Prices have fallen 30%,
the largest drop since the Gulf War.
It's more costly
to store oil than to sell it,
so prices are actually negative.
Shit...
Stonehouse and Liwei want to see us.
Now.
How much did the Saudi move cost us?
Well, conservatively,
I'd estimate, um...
Five hundred million.
Well, oil's not our only problem.
The entire global economy
is in free fall.
We're bleeding everywhere.
It's 2008 all over again.
There is one bright spot, of course.
Technology and data.
Our investments in China and Korea
will recover more quickly
than those in the West,
Our investments in China and Korea
will recover more quickly
than those in the West,
due to aggressive use
of contact-tracing apps,
rapid development of vaccines
and the more...cohesive nature
of society there.
How quickly?
If China can control the virus
and start vaccinating
before the end of the year,
it could actually see
positive economic growth in 2020.
So, you're telling me that,
right now,
without China,
NYL is screwed.
You've got us over a barrel.
What I am saying, Jeremy,
is that China is your friend
and will carry you
through these unpredictable times.
At what price down the road?
Who knows what the future holds...
This isn't good enough.
I have a plane to catch.
You will fix this.
We're bankers, not fuckin' wizards.
Hello?
Yeah, no...
Yeah, I'll be right there.
Yeah.
Hey, I'm looking for Latoyah Harris.
I got it...
Are you her husband?
Her ex-husband, yeah.
The fever came on quickly
after this morning.
She fainted an hour ago.
Well, where is she?
I'm sorry, no visitors.
I can give her a message,
if you'd like.
Nurse, please...
Excuse me.
How did you get in here?
Hey... I had to see you.
Well, you have...
Now, please, get out of here.
The kids need you healthy.
How are you feeling, Toy?
Awful.
You're gonna be OK, right?
Who knows how much I was exposed to,
but I'll be fine.
Now, please, Oliver,
get out of here.
All right, all right!
Now! Go!
All right, all right, I'm going!
I'll be back...
You'd better not be, Oliver Harris.
Now, go!
Group B... Did you get that?
Could I have a moment?
It's the end of the world out there.
Oil prices.
They're below zero.
It's cheaper to
pour it away than store it.
A lot of people hurting right now.
Yeah...
This could destroy me.
I'm going to have to
liquidate my shares.
I'm sorry to hear that, Rebecca.
Are you?
I think you wanted me
out of here for years.
We've had our differences.
To put it mildly.
Hmm...
You HATE having to
answer to me and my agenda.
And how convenient
that I'm wiped out
just as the value of data
is about to skyrocket...
I had
nothing to do with the collapse
of the world oil market.
I had
nothing to do with the collapse
of the world oil market.
Excuse me...
Yes?
I'll be right there.
Sorry...
Let me know
how you'd like to proceed.
Well, well, hell freezes over...
Let's see how chilly things get.
Nadya is back from Warsaw, I see.
Oil prices plummeted, as promised.
Yes... Rebecca's fuming.
I can't say I'm not enjoying it.
OK, Massimo, what can I do for you?
Help me take over NYL.
You can't be serious...
It would weaken Chinamerica
and help protect European data.
And make us
a hell of a lot of money.
This pandemic is our chance.
We seize it or lose it forever.
NYL has assets of over $1 trillion.
When the outbreak in Wuhan
was first reported in January,
Massimo foresaw
the effect it would have.
It's nice to see
you haven't lost your golden touch.
Zhi and I reached out to Carolina
on Massimo's behalf.
They persuaded me to hedge risk
against a possible pandemic,
placing a massive short
on the market.
Congratulations.
I'm sure you made a lot of money.
But not enough to buy NYL.
They could...
..with my help.
Your help?
And my friends.
Your friends from Flamestar
want to help us?
They want to make a statement,
and so do I.
Finance, like basketball,
is a team sport.
Interesting...
What does that mean?
It means we wait.
In France, the whole country
is now in lockdown.
The economic impact
could be very strong.
Schengen or no Schengen,
we are in such a globalised world.
The coronavirus is still spreading!
Madame?
Is this really necessary?
Rebecca... How are you?
Wiped out.
But then, you already know that.
You're the reason why.
No, it wasn't us. It was the Saudis.
Due to Russian intransigence.
Maybe you should have diversified
rather than complaining about
the vagaries of fate.
FATE may have had a helping hand...
Dominic Morgan.
Dominic knew I'd be forced
to liquidate if oil prices fell.
And if I'm gone,
we can no longer use that data
for our political purposes,
making MY problem YOUR problem.
What do you propose?
I have one card left...
But you have to
be the one who plays it.
Is that your daughter?
Claire, yes.
She's beautiful.
I'm going to meet her soon.
Four years, you stayed away...
You think
they'd hurt her to hurt you?
I don't know,
but I decided not to take the risk.
How are the boys doing?
Adrian loves getting presents
from his favourite
fugitive godfather.
Adrian loves getting presents
from his favourite
fugitive godfather.
Latoyah?
She's in hospital. Coronavirus.
A lot of the staff were exposed to
God knows how much of it,
working in the ICU.
I'm sorry.
I should never have
let her get away.
I need your help.
Look, Liwei's been fair to me,
so if you're here
to tell me to go against NYL...
This isn't about fairness.
Look around...
What do you see?
People.
Their lives are changing,
but they don't know it yet.
What do you mean?
They said we'd be in lockdown
for six weeks.
Try 16 months...
If we get a vaccine.
Millions of people will die.
Millions of businesses.
This isn't just a pandemic,
I think it's
a fundamental reordering of society.
If what you're saying is true,
I can't do anything about it.
We could... Together.
In China,
track and trace using
facial recognition is implemented,
freedom of movement restricted
and large-scale, temporary hospitals
built to combat the epidemic.
I didn't know
you were a basketball fan.
I grew up in Boston.
I'm a Bill Russell fan.
The most successful player
in NBA history.
He didn't like to lose.
To what do I owe this visit?
I'm extending Rebecca
a credit facility of £2.5 billion.
I'm happy for you,
but you didn't need to come here
to tell me that.
As security,
I've surrendered my shares.
In your firm.
Combining her shares with mine
gives me controlling interest.
You thought you could use me
then throw me away.
You're desperate, Rebecca,
and this is a bad deal.
It's worth every penny
just to see you squirm.
I was hoping to see you. Come in.
Good morning.
Morning.
We'll keep in touch. Thank you.
Who was that?
My barrister.
Trial's coming up.
How's that looking?
Not great...
Sorry to hear that.
Do you want a coffee?
Please.
But you know I warned you.
It'd be better if you made
the evidence against me go away.
How could I do that?
By proving that
they got it through your spyware.
They would have to drop the charges.
Rebecca Farmer has relinquished
control of her shares.
That's good.
She's given her shares
to Anton Kozlov.
Now he controls me.
That's not good.
But not unexpected.
You were hoping, by ruining Rebecca,
it would push me
out of the frying pan,
into the fire,
forcing me to take your deal.
You give me too much credit.
Do I?
Either way,
you're left with a choice.
Take over NYL or get taken over.
See, Jeremy Stonehouse
is not only the global CEO of NYL...
He is the head of the 13th floor.
So, for you to take over his bank,
we win or we get wiped out.
We'll win.
Well?
Do it.
Right away.
We're on.
Give this to the team.
OK.
Guys, these are orders
for credit default swaps.
I want them purchased right away,
OK?
For fuck's sake...
Chris, what's the matter?
Someone's buying millions of pounds
in credit default swaps.
Against who?
Against us!
NYL!
They're attacking us!
So, what do we do?
How many CDS' have they purchased?
There's no way of knowing...
But it must be a lot.
And they're still buying.
While spreading rumours
that our bank is weak.
Sounds like a familiar strategy...
Straight out of Massimo's playbook.
He blows the whistle
and the market follows.
Has he spoken to you?
Yeah...
But not about this.
We must buy up
more shares ourselves.
Our reserves are strapped...
That's why he's doing this now,
to turn our stock into junk!
Massimo can't have acted alone.
It's been a long time.
It has.
You look well.
Motherhood agrees with you.
I have to get home...
I know you're behind the attack
on NYL, Zhi,
and that your client is Massimo,
working with Dominic Morgan.
You know I can't tell you
either way.
You don't have to, I know you.
And I know this must weigh on you,
betraying me and your country.
How long have you lived in London?
Ten, 12 years?
A person gets accustomed to a place,
perhaps she starts to forget
this is not your home.
These people are not your friends.
I know who my friends are,
and I'm free to make up my own mind.
There are different
kinds of freedom.
The West attacks us
for controlling our own people,
but our control
will save tens of millions of lives.
While their so-called freedom
means they mount a pitiful defence,
letting millions die.
The capacity to live, Zhi.
What greater freedom is there?
I'm not going to debate with you.
Because you know I'm right.
This is a turning point...
Turn your back on your country now
and you may live to regret it.
Consider your future...
..and your daughter's.
From this evening,
I must give the British people
a very simple instruction.
You MUST stay at home.
You're still in the office.
Mmm.
Most of my people
are working from home.
Strange times.
Mm-hm.
Do you have an offer to make?
I've lined up backers
who will buy your shares
at twice their face value.
Tempting...
But our friends in Moscow
see strategic value
in the data you control.
They should reconsider.
Trump's gonna lose the election.
And what makes you say that?
He's mishandled the pandemic.
Hmm...
But this isn't about
your dislike for Trump.
It's about your dislike for me.
If the Democrats
win the White House,
your name will sink this firm.
So, you either take
a handsome profit now
or a massive hit in six months.
Not much of a choice, is it?
Well...?
You ready for tomorrow?
I think so.
You do know we don't have
enough money to buy NYL?
But we have Nadya.
Do you think she can do it?
She's the future.
Germany finally joins
Italy, France and Spain
in imposing a total lockdown.
What are those tubes for, Mummy?
I've got a stuffy nose.
They help me breathe.
Do I look funny?
Sort of!
Well, the two of you look just fine.
I'm glad daddy's
taking such good care of you.
Mm-hm...
All right, come on, time to eat.
Talk to you tomorrow.
Bye, Mummy! Love you!
All right...
Here you go.
Hey, you feeling better?
Do I look like I'm feeling better?
What about the spelling test?
Well, he can spell medieval!
I don't even think I can...
Look, how you really doing?
Oxygen level is low,
but I'll be fine.
Look, you remember that little
Italian place we used to go to?
Are you asking me out on a date...?
Well, if I was, what would you say?
Oliver, I couldn't...
Why not?
I need to know
that there'd be no more lies.
No more betrayals.
That you'd try to be a good man.
I would, Toy. Promise.
Hmm... Too quick.
Look, rest and get better, OK?
Then maybe I'll change your mind.
Maybe...
Are you there?
Almost.
Is Zhi ready?
She's a fighter.
Something
your daughter has inherited,
along with your stubborn streak.
We are stubborn, I know.
Yeah, big time...
But she's also clever and kind.
So, she'll never make a banker!
You'll see for yourself soon enough.
Yes...
Gotta go.
Where are we at?
NYL opened at 38.
Down 10%.
Ten percent?
The biggest drop ever on NYL shares.
NYL shares started the day
already weakened at £38,
and are now inching down to £37.
Is Dominic here?
NYL's at 37.
Well?
We've, um...
We've taken countermeasures,
but the market's against us.
Our share price just keeps dropping.
What the hell is going on
in London?
We're down to 36!
I'm sure Liwei is on top of it.
Well, he sure as hell better be!
Gentlemen, thank you for being here.
What do we do now?
We wait.
Oh, come on, come on, come on...
Keep an eye on this for me, please?
Yes? Thank you...
Holy Christ...
Keep your nerve.
We're in the toilet here!
What makes you such a bloody Buddha?
Liwei will act.
I fuckin' hope so.
You've seen the news?
Yes.
Then you know
our bank is under attack.
They'll take it over
unless we get support.
Another 20 million! Let's go!
We're in a pandemic.
Our nation's resources
are not endless.
Come on, come on, come on, come on!
What the hell is he doing in there?
We will lose the bank
without additional capital now.
We must project strength,
not weakness.
I understand
you don't want to lose face...
This is not about face.
This is about
the pride of the Chinese people!
Keep your eye on there
as well for me, please.
Thank you.
Buy!
How much?
One hundred million.
Will that be enough?
It better be.
OK, let's do it, let's buy, please!
Yes, are we on that? Thank you!
Same over here!
Oh, come on, come on,
come on, come on!
"I need to know
that there'll be no more lies.
That you'd try to be a good man."
Did you get that?
What are we doing?
Nothing.
We need to buy those call options
before the share prices
start to rebound.
We need to buy those call options
before the share prices
start to rebound.
Massimo needs to pick his moment.
You're late.
Traffic.
Just milk.
Thank you.
Shit!
Buy more!
We can't!
I said buy!
We've hit the cap
on foreign investment!
British law says we can't
buy one more penny of NYL!
Now?
Now.
All right, dump the CDS!
Buy the call options!
We're moving!
At last!
Now for the hard part...
Finally!
Do you think we're back?
Let's hope.
Holy shit, we're on fire!
Come on... Come on!
OK... Good... Come on, good...
Yes, now we're talking!
Take that, Massimo,
and shove it up your arse!
How high will it go?
We need it to get to 50
and then keep going up.
Fifty?
Mm-hm.
Above 50 and we're in the clear.
It's a bloody miracle!
Massimo and Dominic
are behind this.
What?
See if anyone bought call options
at the bottom of the market.
Strike 50...
Fifty?
How soon?
They have to be redeemed
in six hours.
Six hours?!
Massimo's out of his bloody mind!
It is a crazy bet...
That's why he made it.
We were at £30 per share.
The call price would have cost
practically nothing,
especially in that timeframe.
If the price keeps going up,
we'll lose the bank!
Sell.
Our own shares?
You are joking...
Do it!
All right, cancel the order, please!
We're selling NYL
fast as we can, please!
The lot!
NYL?
NYL, yes, please.
Now, will you look at that...
NYL's dumping stock,
but their share price
is still going up.
I never thought it was possible.
Neither did I.
Our share price is still going up!
We can't stop it!
Where the hell
did they get the bloody money?
See where these purchases
are coming from.
It's all... It's all small buyers.
All over the world...
All at the same time.
Shit...
We're gonna lose the bank,
aren't we?
I don't fuckin' believe it!
Hmm!
I could kiss you...
Maybe you should.
Bang.
Yesterday,
after a wild day of trading,
control of the New York London Bank
officially changed hands.
A historic day,
not least as it represents
a huge setback
for the Chinese ambitions in Europe.
not least as it represents
a huge setback
for the Chinese ambitions in Europe.
You've had a busy few weeks,
haven't you?
The evidence against Mr Ruggero
was obtained illegally
and cannot be entered
into the record.
How was New York?
Gratifying.
Thank you all for being here.
And London?
There have been some big changes...
Thank you.
Hey, guys, as CEO,
I'd like to introduce
a familiar face
as our new head of trading.
Eleanor, welcome back to NYL.
Thank you so much, guys.
It's great to be back.
You won... But are you safe?
I think so.
Anton...
Rebecca.
My associates in Moscow
would like to speak to you.
Congratulations.
You're awfully gracious in defeat.
I never wanted us to be enemies,
but if our two countries must fight,
sooner or later we will win.
I wouldn't count on that.
While your country
drowns in debt and dysfunction,
ours focuses on
innovation and success.
Suppressing the voices
of its own people.
What are they afraid of, Liwei?
Have you heard American voices?
Obsessed with conspiracy theories,
defending gun violence,
refusing to acknowledge
an undeclared race war.
We will heal our wounds
and come back stronger than ever.
We always do.
I admire your faith...
But I see little reason
to believe it.
And you? Where will you go?
I'm going home.
Hey, I'm looking for Latoyah Harris.
Would you follow me, please?
Mister Harris, I'm so sorry...
It was very sudden.
There was nothing we could do.
Her oxidation levels dropped.
We tried to resuscitate, but...
She passed away two hours ago.
We're all just devastated.
She's the third nurse
we've lost this week.
May I call someone for you?
What?
I'm so sorry...
Huh?
Now?
Have fun.
make a big noise
The democratisation
of access to financial stocks
through platforms,
it's created sort of a perfect storm
that's allowed
the power of the people
to take on hedge funds
in the way that we've seen.
Young investors are using
stimulus cheques
to help target hedge funds,
upending traditional investors.
It is the craziest
I think I've ever seen.
Major banks
are facing billions in losses.
They pick a stock,
they tell each other 'hold',
'don't buy', when to buy...
Hold, hold, hold, HOLD!
Wall Street was rocked today
by thousands of amateur
rogue traders
from all over the world.
Using social media,
these young investors coordinated
the mass purchase of stocks
in the so-called Bang companies,
BlackBerry, AMC, Nokia and GameStop,
causing a trading frenzy
that led to stratospheric prices.
GameStop,
we've got to talk about this today!
Well, an army of invisible investors
is on the march
and the world of finance
will NEVER be the same...
AccessibleCustomerService@sky.uk